	= Hebi Li =
----
%toc
%title Hebi's Personal Website
== Introduction ==
    I'm Hebi Li, and this is *my personal website*.

    I'm currently a 4th year undergraduate student majoring in [[http://en.sist.ustc.edu.cn|School of Information Science and Technology]] in [[http://en.ustc.edu.cn|University of Science and Technology of China(USTC)]].

    I am researching data mining and image processing. You can find the researches below.

    I am applying for admission of master or Ph.d degree in 2014 fall. Please feel free to contact me if you want to know more about me and my research.

    [[moreaboutme|More about me and my life]]
----
== Education ==
* Banchelor's Degree: Undergraduate Student, Computer Science, USTC,	(2010--2013)
* Huaibei Numberone Senior High School, Anhui Province.	(2007--2010)
* Chengguan Numberone Junior High School, Anhui Province.	(2004--2007)
* Experiment Primary School, Huaibei City, Anhui Province.	(1998--2004)
----
== GPA ==
* My GPA is *3.48/4.3*.<br>
* However, there seems to be some meaningless classes, which can not measure my true learning and reasearch ability. [[Examples]].<br>
* When calculate courses that is computer-based, My GPA is *3.82/4.3*. [[Which Causes]]<br>
* Also, I have stong math and statistics skills, as USTC is top1 in math teaching in China.[[mathskills|Causes and Descriptions]]
----
== English Skills ==
* GRE General: V: 148, Q: 168, AW: 3.5<br>
* TOEFL: Total: 90( Reading: 28, Listening: 20, Speaking: 18, Writing: 24)
----
== Programming ==
* Languages
	* proficient: *Python(main)*, *C/C++(main)*, *Jave*
	* Learned: *SQL*, *Json*, *Shell*, *Android*, *Assembly*, *Prolog*, *HTML*
	* ever used: *PHP*, *Javascript*
* Operation System
	* *Linux*(proficient): Ubuntu, Archlinux, Gentoo
	* *Windows*(proficient)
	* *Android*
* Library
	* *OpenCV*
* Editor: *Vim*
----
== Reasearch Insterests ==
* Image Processing & Computer Vision
* Data Mining
* Web Programming
* Operating System
* Computer Network
----
== Reasearch ==
* [[moviecrawling|Movie Data Crawling and Analysis, 2013]]
* [[robogame|robogame in USTC, 2012]]
* [[freescale|Freescale Smart Car Competition, 2011]]
----
== Self-Study & Online-Courses ==
Personally I feel good about my self-studying ability. The following is courses that I learned or am learning myself.
* Building Dynamic Websites( CS-E75, by Pro. David Malan, Harvard) [learning]
* Convex Optimization( EE-364A, by Pro. Stephen Boyd, Stanford) [learning]
----
== Publications ==
----
== Downloads ==
* My Curriculum Vitae
* CV: html | pdf(download)
== Contact Me ==
Email: lihebi@mail.ustc.edu.cn<br>
Tel: +8618788836992<br>
Addr: 3#606, USTC western campus, Hefei, Anhui, China<br>
Welcome to contact me!
----
== My Wiki ==
I have maintained [[wikiindex|my personal wiki]] where you may want to have a look.
