	I'm a geek. I'm crazily interested in computer, so I spend most of my time with codes. I love coding, I can sit down before a black screen watching the lines of codes run over and over again for many hours. I love linux, I always work with a command line interface efficiently while all the students around me fumble with their mouses. I love to be an extraordinary programmer, so I dig into the codes to gain supreme programming skills. I want to get a wide knowledge, so I learn lots of programming languages, network protocols, construction of a computer, mathematic algorithms, etc.
	I prefer learning by myself. Learning in class is not a good way for me, because I always have a hard time fitting the teacher's slow schedule and teaching approach. I have my own speed and own means of study, I will get frustrated when I have to wait for the teachers, so I can't study efficiently. Thus I'm not No.1 in my class. On the contrary, I do excellent jobs in the lab because there I do research at my own will.
	Last summer holiday, I acted as the captain of our team in Robo Game Competition in USTC. Our task is to create a robot car to complete a serious of complex tasks in only 2 months. The work need large range of knowledge ranging from hardware to software. The first month, I tried hard to cut aluminium plates, fix screws, set up motors and steering engine, make the specific wheels, attach the camera and mechanical arms and finally built up the hardware. It is not my major, but I check lots of books about mechanics and finally made it perfectly. Then I should make PC, micro-controller and hardware work coordinately. I read the chip's handbook, wrote its program, and welded circuit board. The last work is image processing. I hadn't worked on image before, but I have to make it in the last 10 days. Those days I worked day and night reading OpenCV books, checking its C++ APIs, searching in forums, and reading papers in image processing. After dozens of hours coding and debugging, finally I got the system work as I thought, and got 3rd in the final competition, the best progress in our department since the first Robo Game in 2001. This harvest 2 months gave me a wide range of knowledge, a great sense of leadership, and the ability to work lots of hours and under great pressure. It turns out that I can handle the condition prominently and learn knowledge at a incredible speed.
	Not only do I learn very fast, but I'v learned a lot already.
	I always dig into the knowledge to satisfy my curosity. When I learn computer network, in order to understanding the concepts such as IP and DNS completely, I buy a domain name on GoDaddy, config the DNS record, built up my own apache server on my PC and get my webpage work.

	I have a wide range of knowledge.
	I can dig into questions and find solutions by various of means.

	I have all the characteristics that will make sure I can succeed in graduate study. First of all, I'm ambitious and confident, I never afraid of doing anything. I have a strong desire to be one of the most successful scholar, and I believe in that. To achieve that, I've picked up lots of skills that is critical for a successful computer scientist, including coding, proficient on linux and so on. I will continue to work to achieve this goal. Secondly, I'm creative. I always come up with novel ideas to solve problems. For example, I ...... Thirdly, I can work for long hours and work under pressure without distracting from it. For instances, ...... What's more, I'm a team player and I maintain a excellent leadership..... In addition, I love reading papers. This year, I read lots of papers ranging from program optimization, network protocol and so on. I found reading papers is not boring, but instead interesting and worth doing. It is interesting because when reading papers, I can know the newest things in the science world. It is worth because when I finished a paper, I can get the knowledge which takes a talent guy working for months, I feel lucky about that and I'm ready to contribute mine for others too. Last but not least, I am persistent on my work. nothing can .....
	I choose network to major in my PhD study because it make me excited. I find Pro.Wang's program about Named Data Network extremely interesting, and it fit my undergraduate research in USTC. Currently I'm doing some research about NDN, I've read lots of papers by Pro.Wang and many other scholars related to NDN, I do think it is a great architecture and I have faith in it to be the next generation of the internet. I want to contribute to the project to make the blue print comes true. In University of Memphis, there are lots of talent people, I will enjoying working with them.
	I choose program analyse and software engineering as my major in PhD study because it make me excited.
	I choose UCI because it is famous and the professors there are extraordinary. Especially I like Pro.xxx's program, 'xxxx' very much, because ... I have done .... and I have the ability that ... to work for the program. I can do ... to this project. I plan to do .... to improve the project.
